either this Dennis goo delivery
coordinator I can't wait for it I'm here
today to talk to you about the forward
navigation system I'm just gonna give
you a quick introduction to it and show
you how to set your first destination so
right now we're on the map screen to get
to destination you're gonna hit the
destination button on the right-hand
side here and it's gonna bring up a few
different options for you right now
we're on the quick screen which allows
you to get to favorite destinations
emergency routes for hospitals and
police or find nearest points of
interest or Pio I and click on that and
you see here by clicking on something
like restaurants it can get me to the
nearest show me a list of different
restaurants are close to me and by
pressing on the certain one I can get
directions to that restaurant and you
will back your few pages and I'm gonna
actually show you the standard routes as
well now there's a few options for this
as well the two main ones here are
address book and street address if you
have your address is steeped in your
phone when you sync your phone to the
system it'll actually populate your
address book with all their addresses in
your phone book the second more common
way is just to use street address here
which I'll click on now and it's going
to bring up this destination screen here
so I'm going to put in Kentwood forwards
address which is one through three four
four and any 7th Street I'm gonna hit
this put in the street first so ninety
seven and hit list here to bring up a
list of that streets and a 97th Street
Northwest probably the second page there
it is I'll click on that okay next I'm
gonna put the physical stood address in
which is one three three four four
okay I'm gonna hit enter and it's going
to say set a destination set its
waypoint or save at save to address book
for purposes it says so this destination
that's gonna give you more options
fastest route shortest route or
unrestricted route
let's hit shortest route here and I
guess start my route now it's gonna
compute it for us you have arrived at
your destination
and my guidance is now finished because
I'm on a lot obviously says I'm already
here but you see it does give you voice
prompts you can see here on your screen
it will show you directions to go and
actually changed your view of the map as
well and get a better idea closer look
of the a narrow root of your desk of
your map here but yeah that's just a
quick introduction to the navigation
system I said just just to set your
first destination here so if you do have
any more questions please feel free to
contact can't wait for it at any time